OCR:

CSR:

Hello World
I am writing with the LogiPen.
My handwriting is gorgeous.
The ioReader imports my notes.
Where is my cradle?
I am so happy today.
The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.
And do not start sentences with a conjunction.
Never use a long word when a diminutive one will do.
A Nut for a jar of tuna.
This is not a filmed play. It has been 
conceived throughout in terms of the cinema,
and again and again it is the visual qualities 
of the story, and the marriage of the central 
characters to their background, which bring 
the film so vividly to life. In Fanny, which 
also has its premiere tomorrow, the director, 
Mr. Joshua Logan, attempted but failed to create 
the atmosphere of a city. 
In Fanny the pregnant girl is befriended by 
an old man. Here it is a young homosexual, 
estranged from women but yet moved by a 
strong maternal instinct to the unborn child 
as much as to the expectant mother, who acts 
as a protector and comforter to her in her 
hour of need. He shares her room and gives 
her his forlorn gift of companionship and
"you need someone to love you while 
you are looking for someone to love". 
Mr. William Lucas (Morris) is always
pushing, Miss Sheila Allen his wife, 
always palely appealing, Mr. James Maxwell, 
the editor, always comically abashed by the 
events, and Mr. Aubrey Richards, the father
law, always comically grotesque; they were 
not asked to modulate from their set moods 
but played with proper efficiency and, in 
the case of Mr. Richards, with lavish and 
suitably gaudy colour. 
The film version of Miss Shelagh Delaney's 
play A Taste of Honey opens at the Leicester 
Square Theatre tomorrow. It has been produced 
an directed by Mr. Tony Richardson, who is also 
part-author with Miss Delaney of the script, 
and the great advantages to be derived from 
this unity of conception and control are 
everywhere apparent. 
It went, perhaps, some distance beyond most 
treatments of its subject by attempting to 
generate a melodramatic inevitability which 
left its central character and the world 
around him in complete, unredeemable desolation. 
We could, perhaps, say whether or not the attempt 
succeeded if we had a little more faith in the 
way in which Mr. Ferris manipulated his 
characters. 
Only Mr. Lucas's actions, therefore, arose 
explicably from appreciable motives. The rest, 
one feels, were driven to effective action by 
the author in spite of the ineffectuality 
with which he had endowed them. One 
hopes that he is not asking us to believe 
that, because of their odd accents, they 
act oddly like the queer foreigners of 
tradition. 
In A Taste of Honey Mr. Richardson has 
taken a town in the industrial North of England 
and has made it live. The shabby streets and 
wet pavements, the school play-grounds, the 
public monuments and the rubbish strewn canals
even the worn head-stones in the churchyard, 
"sacred to the memory of" - are seen as an 
integral part of the story. 
But there is heart in the telling, and an 
intense realism in the situation. A young 
girl lives in a single dingy room with 
her slatternly, promiscuous mother. In such 
surroundings she learns sex is something 
sordid, and when she experiences it for the 
first time herself it is incoherently, clumsily, 
but half inquisitively. As is the case in Fanny 
her first lover is a sailor who leaves her 
to bear his child and sails away. 
Mr. Bryan Stonehouse's production is quietly 
effective, giving full value to the formal elements 
of Betti's writing without over-emphasizing 
them. Last night's play in the "Play of the 
Week" series on independent television, Then 
We Fall, by Mr. Paul Ferris, was a morality 
on the not unfamiliar theme of the destructive 
power of unbridled ambition. 
Arguably, the dramatist has committed a 
technical error in allowing Irene to speak 
for herself; we would be altogether clearer 
in our minds about her if she remained 
a flawed but beautiful enigma, seen but not 
heard. However, Miss Pinkie Johnstone makes her 
few brief scenes effective, and Mr. Dinsdale 
Landen, in the longest and most exacting role, 
that of the sergeant, gives a performance of 
rare intelligence and restrained power. 
